docs: recommend webp over avif (#75966)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/04-api-reference/02-components/image.mdx

}
```

> You can enable AVIF support, which will fallback to PNG if the browser [does not support AVIF](https://caniuse.com/avif):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable AVIF support, which will fallback the original format of the src image if the browser [does not support AVIF](https://caniuse.com/avif):
```
